When your fingers are so cold, texting is almost impossible.
A politically unenslaved man with high, definite principles; votes for the best man, regardless of affiliation.
Doing a load of laundry after allowing clothes to pile up on your bedroom floor for weeks.
The (sometimes) gentle nudge of the car behind and/or in front of you that occurs in the process of good solo parallel parking.
Being in a state in which one is utterly and completely unable to distinguish fact from fiction, and is thus obviously and deniably full of crap.
Something to tell someone you hate to give them misleading info.
When someone is hanging out with someone they have feelings for but isn't claiming it to be dating.
A diva, mostly from urban cities and ghettos, that has reason to believe she is every mans eye candy.
A device for turning liquids into vapor-like smoke.
A meal composed entirely of meat and food rich in protein.
A male caucasian, who is usually born and raised in the suburbs, displays a strong desire to emulate African American hip-hop culture and style through “bling” fashion and generally accepted “thug life” guiding principles.
Money, riches; can also be used to express satisfaction.
An individual who, due to a combination of disturbing appearance and an apparent lack of social graces, is preordained to become a creeper later in life.
One who watches you play any video game, and tells you what to do while playing. When you lose they often blame it on you and call you a noob or mock you.
A small town in Florida where old people move to, to die.
To inadvertantly burn someone, especially in a card game or competition
Unapologetic un-PC alpha male conservative fan of Breitbart news.
A half slut, half cunt.
Having the attitude that if something can't be done in 5 minutes or less, it's not worth doing.
When one constantly presses the refresh button on an online package tracking website to know up to the minute info on his or her package's delivery.
The comedown felt by an Olympics host city when the games are over.
A person who is exceptionally bad at everything.
A motorcyclist of Italian American descent that rides a Harley Davidson.
Typically refers to a person who continuously and shamelessly brags and lies about things/deeds far beyond his capacity.
The act of wrapping yourself in multiple blankets, nearing, but not reaching, the point of suffocation.
Often used as a bragging right to describe oral stimulation unto a male.
A word Phil Lester should not have said because he is my son and I did not raise him that way.
Two or three short kisses on the cheek to show you are fabulously upperclass.
Going number 2 in your pants as you also bleed.
When a woman is inappropriately touched, grouped or kissed on the lips by a man without her permission.
To express disappointment at the loss of something, annoyance, irritation. An expression.
To describe boredom.
A badass
To say isn't it but in a more slang manner
To call someone or something really pathetic.
Something socially unacceptable done in a social gathering.
A phrase that means to modify a vehicle with as many types of aftermarket parts, performance or visual-wise, as are supported by that certain vehicle.
To return fire.
To become enraged; to lose one's temper.
Something that is easy.
To go or leave a place
Urban American language, not quite english and not quite Spanish.
The ice cube that ends up on the floor when you break a new tray of ice.
Either tonight or tomorrow.
To go along with someone else's lie. To corroborate a lie. To cover for.
Something fake or too crazy to believe.
A quality of high class or standard.
Someone who is light-skinned.
Someone who gets easily overwhelmed by little and normal things that everyone goes through.
Someone who is extremely jacked, and could probably crush you.
Someone who is from the Caribbean who acts like they're a queen or royalty, without reason.
Making g's in weird ways.
When someone's lips are chapped, and it looks similar to when someone eats bread and the breadcrumbs remain on the mouth.
When you get stuck with someone who talks for a very long time and doesn't really allow you to leave the conversation.
A male, ages 18-24, who refers to their acquaintances as dude and/or bro in the same sentence.
Television channels you get without cable or satellite TV.
The act of willfully allowing one’s ears to bleed.
Opposite of uptight; chill.
When a person dies while trying to take a selfie from a dangerous position or area.
An outrageous lie.
An insincere apology or expression of regret, often blaming the aggrieved party for being offended or bringing up an irrelevant topic to distract.
The act of looking up the definition of a word.
A fool who believes all information found on Wikipedia is accurate and true.
A booty call made with an ex.
Dominican greeting.
A homosexual who treats all his partners alike or whose all partners look the same to him. Also called xerox queen/homo.
A combination of the words "man" and "boobs." This is what happens when fat gathers in a male's chest area, and gives him the appearance of having breasts.
A derogatory term used to refer to blacks. Velcrohead is derived from the nappy hair many blacks have.
When you're not in love, like or lust, but a mix of the three. It's not strong enough to be love but you more than like them.
A Spanish term roughly equivalent to the anglo-saxon "bitch", but with sexual overtones relating to the relative ease with which one can get her into bed.
Art of being able to chug a shotgun barrel of whiskey faster than anyone at the bar; the greatest drinker that is known to mankind.
A multi use exclamation.
A term often used in homosexual circles to describe a man with a smooth, youthful, only slightly-muscular, physique.