How do you properly exfoliate?
What is the best first-date scenario?
How do you order from McDonalds?
How do you make a stranger’s day?
How do you get animal hair off your clothes?
What is the best way to make pancakes?
How do you befriend a wild animal?
How do you make homemade candles?
How can I become a superhero?
How do you remove sticker residue?
How you really tie your shoes
How are people related?
How do you breathe with a snorkel?
What do Injured doctors do?
How to find a dog?
How to bathe a cat?
Where to find the best looking hobos?
How to eat a kebab?
How to shave a baby?
How to fold a shirt?
Would you puff this with me or nah?
Where do you find the least attractive women?
Where do babies come from?
How do you toast toast?
How to start a fire mixtape?
How to sell a mixtape?
How to tell when your mixtape is fire?
Why don’t people like my fire mixtape?
Why is the Honors College terrible?
How do I make friends with black people?
Where can a brother find some extra thicc hoes?
How do you know when you’re pregnant with your brother’s baby?
How can you tell if you have osteoporosis?
How can you tell if you have crippling depression?
Why do you look like a gorilla?
Do you succ on the first date?
Who is "best" girl?
What should I do if I have three nipples?
How do you tell off a professor?
How do you drop outta college?
How do you fly?
Why do we hiccups?
What is the best way to tell someone they have food in their teeth
How do you make the perfect bow?
How can I learn a new language?
Why is our sky blue?
How do you teach someone to dance?
Why do beetles exist?
What is the best gift to give someone?
What is the best gift to receive from someone?
How do you fold your toilet paper?
How can I teach myself to lick my elbow?
When is it okay to joke about someone’s death?
What are the common masculine qualities of a metrosexual man?
What is the process of a cell undergoing mitosis?
If I had to be a fan of one sport’s team, which one would it be and why?
How does the process of a fart developing, work?
What is the average age in which old people become senile?
What does water taste like?
Which accent is hardest to understand and why?
How do you build a computer?
What is the meaning of life?
How do I write an essay?
How can I get a job?
How can I stop being depressed?
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck?
How to change a light bulb?
How to make a Let’s Play video?
How to be a YouTube star?
How to become friends with Shia LaBeouf?
What would you do if you died in 7 days?
What were your thoughts when you farted in public?
How would you hide a murder scene?
When would you want to die?
What memory would you want to always remember?
Who is a horrible actor?
How would you travel the world in 80 days?
What death would you want: water or fire? Why?
How many kids would you have if money or pain was not an issue? Why?
Things you wish you didn’t say when you were drunk.